gh-101100: Fix sphinx warnings in `Doc/library/exceptions.rst` (#136309)
python/cpython: Doc/library/exceptions.rst

   assignment fails.  (When an object does not support attribute references or
   attribute assignments at all, :exc:`TypeError` is raised.)

   The optional *name* and *obj* keyword-only arguments
   set the corresponding attributes:

   .. attribute:: name

      The name of the attribute that was attempted to be accessed.

   .. attribute:: obj

>       The object that was accessed for said attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      The object that was accessed for the named attribute.
```

   .. versionchanged:: 3.10
      Added the :attr:`name` and :attr:`obj` attributes.

.. exception:: EOFError

   Raised when the :func:`input` function hits an end-of-file condition (EOF)

>    without reading any data. (N.B.: the :meth:`!io.IOBase.read` and

Reviewer: Let's also replace the Latin abbreviation: https://devguide.python.org/documentation/style-guide/#use-simple-language
```suggestion
   without reading any data. (Note: the :meth:`!io.IOBase.read` and
```
